Release v0.14.1 (#2166)
informalsystems/ibc-rs: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## v0.14.1

*May 2nd, 2022*

> This release improves the reliability of the relayer by fixing an edge case where
> some queries would fail when emitted after the block was created but before it was executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release improves the reliability of the relayer by fixing an edge case where
some queries would fail if they reach a full node after a new block is committed but before the application state updates to reflect the changes in that block.```
